1)What is a Database?
A database is a set of data stored in a computer. This data is usually structured in a way that makes the data easily accessible.
....

2)What is a Relational Database?
A relational database is a type of database. It uses a structure that allows us to identify and access data in relation to another
piece of data in the database. Often, data in a relational database is organized into tables.
....

3)Tables: Rows and Columns
>Tables can have hundreds, thousands, sometimes even millions of rows of data. These rows are often called records.

>Tables can also have many columns of data. Columns are labeled with a descriptive name (say, age for example) and have a specific data type.
.....

4)What is a Relational Database Management System (RDBMS)?
A relational database management system (RDBMS) is a program that allows you to create, update, and administer a relational database.
Most relational database management systems use the SQL language to access the database.
.....

5)What is SQL?
SQL (Structured Query Language) is a programming language used to communicate with data stored in a relational database management system.
SQL syntax is similar to the English language, which makes it relatively easy to write, read, and interpret.
Many RDBMSs use SQL (and variations of SQL) to access the data in tables. 
For example, SQLite is a relational database management system. SQLite contains a minimal set of SQL commands (which are the same across all RDBMSs).
Other RDBMSs may use other variants.
(SQL is often pronounced in one of two ways. You can pronounce it by speaking each letter individually like “S-Q-L”, 
or pronounce it using the word “sequel”.)
......

6)Popular Relational Database Management Systems
SQL syntax may differ slightly depending on which RDBMS you are using. Here is a brief description of popular RDBMSs:
                      >PostgreSQL
                      >mysql
                      >Oracle DB:Oracle Corporation owns Oracle Database, and the code is not open sourced.
Oracle DB is for large applications, particularly in the banking industry. Most of the world’s top banks run Oracle applications 
because Oracle offers a powerful combination of technology and comprehensive, pre-integrated business applications, 
including essential functionality built specifically for banks.
The main disadvantage of using Oracle is that it is not free to use like its open source competitors and can be quite expensive.
                       >SQL Server
                       >SQLite:SQLite is a popular open source SQL database. 
                       It can store an entire database in a single file. 
                       One of the most significant advantages this provides is that 
                       all of the data can be stored locally without having to connect your database to a server.
        <!-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------!>
        conclusion:Relational databases store data in tables. Tables can grow large and have a multitude of columns and records. 
        Relational database management systems (RDBMSs) use SQL (and variants of SQL) to manage the data in these large tables. 
        The RDBMS you use is your choice and depends on the complexity of your application.
            
            
        
                       
                     

